Conference Page: Security Report – Query & Backend Implementation

1. Background

We have been working on the Security Report feature, which provides detailed insights about user roles, metric access, and dashboards. Initially, the existing query was restricted to fetching results for a single dashboard (based on a hard-coded RMM_ID).

As part of the enhancement, we extended the logic to:

Fetch all dashboards (all RMM_IDs).

Allow filtering by specific RMM_ID(s) dynamically (single, multiple).

Prepare this query for integration with the backend Python service.



---

2. Existing Issue

Original query required explicitly passing RMM_ID = <value> (e.g., RMM_ID = 2).

This limited the report output to one dashboard only.

Not reusable for multiple dashboards or dynamic filtering.



---

3. Query Enhancements

✅ Updated SQL for all dashboards

SELECT
    RRG.RMM_ID,
    RAP.RAP_INSTANCE_ID,
    UT.USER_NAME,
    UT.EMP_ID,
    RRG.RMM_DISPLAY_NAME,
    RRT.RISK_HEADER,
    UR.USER_ROLE_NAME,
    MRUR.ROLE_DESC,
    MRUR.RATIONAL AS "ACCESS_RATIONAL",
    CASE WHEN RMD.METRICS_DISPLAY IS NULL
         THEN RPMP.METRICS_DISP
         ELSE RMD.METRICS_DISPLAY
    END AS METRICS_DISP
FROM USER_TAB UT
JOIN MAP_RAP_USER_ROLE MRUR ON UT.USER_ID = MRUR.USER_ID
JOIN METRIC_ACCESS MIA ON MRUR.USER_ID = MIA.USER_ID
JOIN USER_ROLES UR ON MRUR.ROLE_ID = UR.USER_ROLE_ID
JOIN RAP_METRICS_DETAIL RMD ON MIA.METRIC_DETAIL_ID = RMD.METRIC_DETAIL_ID
JOIN RAP_RISK_TYPE RRT ON RMD.RISK_TYPE_ID = RRT.RISK_TYPE_ID
JOIN RAP_RMM_GROUP RRG ON RRT.RMM_ID = RRG.RMM_ID
JOIN RAP_METRICS_PACK_MAPPING RPMP ON RMD.RAP_METRICS_MAPPING_ID = RPMP.RAP_METRICS_MAPPING_ID
JOIN RAP RAP ON RAP.RAP_INSTANCE_ID = RMD.RAP_INSTANCE_ID
WHERE MRUR.RMM_ID = RRG.RMM_ID
  AND RAP.RAP_INSTANCE_ID = (
        SELECT MO.MEET_INSTC_ID
          FROM MEET_INSTC MO
         WHERE MO.RMM_ID = MRUR.RMM_ID
           AND MO.DT_ID = (
                 SELECT MAX(MI.DT_ID)
                   FROM MEET_INSTC MI
                        JOIN MEET_STAT MS
                          ON MI.MEET_STAT_ID = MS.MEET_STAT_ID
                  WHERE MI.RMM_ID = MRUR.RMM_ID
                    AND MI.MEET_STAT_ID IN (2,1)
           )
     )
  AND RMD.METRIC_FLAG <> 'removed'
ORDER BY UT.USER_NAME;

This version fetches all dashboards (all RMM_IDs).

It no longer restricts results to a hard-coded ID.



---

✅ Customizable Query (Specific RMM_IDs)

If we want to fetch only selected dashboards, we add a filter:

AND RRG.RMM_ID IN (:1, :2, :3, ...)

Here :1, :2, :3 are bind variables to be provided by the backend service.

Supports one ID (e.g., 5) or multiple IDs (e.g., 5, 7, 9).



---

4. Python Backend Integration

We prepared Python code (using cx_Oracle) to handle dynamic RMM_ID filtering:

import cx_Oracle

# Connection
conn = cx_Oracle.connect("username", "password", "host:port/service_name")
cursor = conn.cursor()

# Example: dynamically pass one or multiple RMM_IDs
rmm_ids = [5, 7, 9]

# Build placeholders dynamically
placeholders = ",".join([f":{i+1}" for i in range(len(rmm_ids))])

query = f"""
SELECT RRG.RMM_ID, RAP.RAP_INSTANCE_ID, UT.USER_NAME, UT.EMP_ID,
       RRG.RMM_DISPLAY_NAME, RRT.RISK_HEADER, UR.USER_ROLE_NAME,
       MRUR.ROLE_DESC, MRUR.RATIONAL AS "ACCESS_RATIONAL",
       CASE WHEN RMD.METRICS_DISPLAY IS NULL
            THEN RPMP.METRICS_DISP
            ELSE RMD.METRICS_DISPLAY
       END AS METRICS_DISP
FROM USER_TAB UT
JOIN MAP_RAP_USER_ROLE MRUR ON UT.USER_ID = MRUR.USER_ID
JOIN METRIC_ACCESS MIA ON MRUR.USER_ID = MIA.USER_ID
JOIN USER_ROLES UR ON MRUR.ROLE_ID = UR.USER_ROLE_ID
JOIN RAP_METRICS_DETAIL RMD ON MIA.METRIC_DETAIL_ID = RMD.METRIC_DETAIL_ID
JOIN RAP_RISK_TYPE RRT ON RMD.RISK_TYPE_ID = RRT.RISK_TYPE_ID
JOIN RAP_RMM_GROUP RRG ON RRT.RMM_ID = RRG.RMM_ID
JOIN RAP_METRICS_PACK_MAPPING RPMP ON RMD.RAP_METRICS_MAPPING_ID = RPMP.RAP_METRICS_MAPPING_ID
JOIN RAP RAP ON RAP.RAP_INSTANCE_ID = RMD.RAP_INSTANCE_ID
WHERE MRUR.RMM_ID = RRG.RMM_ID
  AND RRG.RMM_ID IN ({placeholders})
  AND RAP.RAP_INSTANCE_ID = (
        SELECT MO.MEET_INSTC_ID
          FROM MEET_INSTC MO
         WHERE MO.RMM_ID = MRUR.RMM_ID
           AND MO.DT_ID = (
                 SELECT MAX(MI.DT_ID)
                   FROM MEET_INSTC MI
                        JOIN MEET_STAT MS
                          ON MI.MEET_STAT_ID = MS.MEET_STAT_ID
                  WHERE MI.RMM_ID = MRUR.RMM_ID
                    AND MI.MEET_STAT_ID IN (2,1)
           )
     )
  AND RMD.METRIC_FLAG <> 'removed'
ORDER BY UT.USER_NAME
"""

cursor.execute(query, rmm_ids)
rows = cursor.fetchall()
for row in rows:
    print(row)

cursor.close()
conn.close()


---

5. Next Steps

✅ Query validated for all dashboards.

✅ Support for custom RMM_ID filters implemented.

✅ Python integration ready for backend service.

⏳ Pending: UI Enhancements (separate ticket) for report access.



---

👉 This page will serve as the reference for
